      THE BEGINNING OF HELL ON EARTH:  FIFFY'S INTERPRETATION
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    NOTE: IMPORTANT IFORMATION ENCLOSED! PLEASE READ! BUT FIRST...

   After fighting your way through the final end boss of INFERNO, you
return to the plannet Earth after a mission well done. You, B.J.
BLAZKOWICZ, were part of a big N.Y.C. ticker tape parade to celebrate
the end of hell's reign of terror! You then go back home to your wife
and kids in your 5'th Avenue penthouse.
   While watching Wheel Of Fortune, right when you think you solved
the puzzle, a special report interupts your programming. You change
the channels, but ALL the stations are airing a report on something
horrible happening near the top of Mount McKenley. Daemons from hell
are building a main HQ building to try and take over the earth! This
gets you very angry, after all, you thought you solved the puzzle on
Wheel Of Fortune!
   You knew what you had to do. You had to go to Mt. McKenley and
teach those ingrates a lesson before things get out of hand.
   You arrive to the base from Hell atop Mt. McKenly. It's a big
metal building filled to the rim with hell's creatures. You walk in
and find you are too late. Hell already started throwing Earth into
total chaos, but YOU can reduce the effect! 
   Reports state that 24 hours ago they started sending daemons out
into the world, through a special EXIT switch scattering these
bastards all over the plannet. You trip an infared beam, and the
creatures re-wire the switch to only bring you to E1M2, and all 
enemies are on full allert to search and destroy you! Most of them
are hiding secretly throughout the building waiting for you! You never
knew anything about their technology anyway, so you're objective is
not to fix the switch, but to clear the "metal halls of hell" so
no more creatures will wreak havoc on Earth. After all, if all are
dead, no one can fix the switch, and no one can transport them-
selves to the four corners of the globe!
  Go in there and kick daemon butt! If you fail, Hell on Earth will
become a force too great for all armies to face.

                          KNOWN BOO-BOOS

   I did fix the "nice" monster problem, by using a separate BSP 
nodebuilder outside of the one in DEUH.

SECRETS BOO-BOO: You only end up getting half credit for secrets,
  something I can't figure out. If you get a secret ratio of 50%,
  you, in reality, got 100% of the secrets. You find half the
  secrets, you get 25% credit.

FLAWS: There's only ONE graphic flaw throughout the entire level!
  When walking through the doorway to "the great plunge" (you'll
  know it when you see it), you'll see a band of gray and black
  "snow" in the doorway, if you're looking back at it walking
  through it. That's the only time that happens, and the ONLY
  graphics mistake made.

           DO IT RIGHT, OR YOUR FUTURE AIN'T TO BRIGHT!

    This level CAN be done! I'm not the best DOOM player in the
  world, nor am I too great, but if I can do this, YOU can too!

    There are lots of doors to choose from. If you open the right
    doors at the right time, you'll do alright. Open the wrong
    one(s) at the wrong time, you're gonna' support room and 
    board for worms!

    UNLIKE MOST HOME MADE LEVELS, Selecting the level of
    difficulty WILL change the ammount (and types) of enemies you
    face, so anyone can do this!

    IT SEEMS I went a little easy on you in a few rooms, doesn't
    it? Well, if you play ULTRA VIOLENCE or NIGHTMARE, you're
    in for a RUDE AWAKENING!

    There are two soul spheres and invulnerability spheres. In
    the ULTRA VIOLENCE and NIGHTMARE difficulty levels, use
    them sparingly, because you have a mother of a fight near the
    exit!!! Otherwise, it won't be too tough!

    Comments? Want to tell me what you think about this WAD file?
  My internet e-mail is: Georgef551@aol.com
  On Software Creations BB: Send mail to George Fiffy, in confrence
  #47, ID Software BB.
  AOL user? E-mail me: Georgef551

    To run FIFFY.WAD, at the DOOM prompt, type: DOOM -FILE FIFFY.WAD
    MAKE SURE THIS IS IN YOUR DOOM DIRECTORY!
    It doesn't have to be there, but it's easier to access.

  Resident Expert of Leominster  a.k.a. REoL
